Hey guys the previous video you said are post-black component in this video.
We're setting up the products component.
Let's start by opening up how shall we know inset or angular Amazon or directory type and generate code
that might prove that this then run into sir.
Now let's go talk X editor open up at Roding would you.
Here is the important component and declaring as a route.
Now let's open up my products component
inside the my Porus component with imported the rest a service and then a service is then she did use
constructor and they also declare the products were able to be used to store the products that a user
has posted.
The energy that we run every time the pictures visit it inside it to get the list of products that a
user has posted.
Once we get a response from the server the response will be assigned to the variable data then which
if success on data is true.
If success is true the data products are assigned to the list of products.
Otherwise the error message should be displayed.
If an error occurs error message should be dismissed.
Here.
Now let's open up my production component issue DML
here.
You've created a section which contains a container which contains the message and the loading spinner
here you've created a hating Kecks.
They only be displayed when they use this paradox has been fetched from research and a number of programs
that the user has is zero.
Here is created the if and only be shown when he uses for that and spin effects from a search.
And the number of products the user has is more than zero.
Inside it we have the hitting text my products as well as a titlebar
here who displayed a list of products that a user has which includes the id the perfect image the title
the category and the price.
Now let's open up post-poll component.
Inside post you've replaced the success message to redirect to my projects pitch followed by the display
of the success message.
In this video you set up the microdots component.
Now let's take a look at what if brute
lets make sure that no one is running and then open up our app now.
Schools my Paradox page
here.
We can see the list of products posted in the next section.
We were setting up our production API the server site.